Previously on Ghost...
So what do you think we
should do about Frank?
Family first. right?
A snitch is a snitch.
Tell me who's calling you.
'cause I know you're
hiding something from me.
Have we. uh. moved
forward on Rollins?
Not yet.
Uh. no. I can't keep
this up anymore.
You're joking me. right?
Your parents think you're dead.
It's the only way to
guarantee your safety
while I build my case.
That girl. Effie?
She tried to kill me.
You signed RSJ. the billionaire?
I did that shit.
First. they buy our
crypto coins online.
Then they use that coin to
buy coffee through the app.
This the motherfucker
who killed Zeke.
The fuck I am.
What's up. Cane? You good?
Never been better. 'cause
I know you killed Zeke.
Did you read this
report you gave me?
It says Lorenzo
Tejada's fingerprints
match the partial prints
at Zeke's crime scene.
Do not jump to conclusions.
Don't do anything.
The plug just dropped off
a bunch of guns on us.
I know this
crazy-ass white dude.
and he's always
asking me for shit.
Set it up.
You're lucky you
only got grazed.
Didn't even know I was hit.
What business do you
have with the Feds?
She's been pressuring me
to help her solve her case.
- What case?
- The murder of a Dante Spears.
You know anything about that?
Do you know when Monet and
Lorenzo won't be in the house?
I'll leave the key.
When you get to the house.
check under the back doormat.
911. someone just
broke into my house!
Please!
Look. don't do this.
There's no way you
get away with this.
You tell that bitch
Carrie I said what up.
Anything else. Nancy Drew?
What do you think
Detective Whitman wanted?
Shit. fuck if I know.
Whitman's had it
in for my family
ever since he found out
Zeke was sleeping
with the professor.
He stalked me. harassed
me. vandalised my car.
Which is all documented.
as you know. Ms. Sullivan.
Look. I was scared for my life.
I didn't know what this fool
was gonna do to my daughter.
My client has the right
to protect her home
and her family from trespassers
in the state of New York.
Are you done?
One more thing. Mrs. Tejada.
How did you have
time to grab your gun
when Detective Whitman
charged at you?
Why are you treating my
wife like she's the suspect?
She... she's the victim.
I almost lost her
and my daughter
because you couldn't keep
a maniac on his leash.
I mean...
I heard his voice after I
heard my daughter scream.
I went to grab my gun
before I approached him.
I'm glad I did.
because if I hadn't...
She'd probably be dead.
And to answer your
next question.
yes. her firearm is registered.
Oh. trust me. I've
already looked into that.
Good.
Just so I can cross check...
I think my client has
given you and your team
plenty to work with.
Her and her mother's
stories align.
Uh. you should. uh. have
everything you need.
You okay?
Yeah.
Thank you for your
time. Mrs. Tejada.
Yeah. yeah. you're welcome.
Everything should be back
to normal by end of day.
Good. 'cause I'm tired of these
people runnin' around my house
makin' my shit look hot.
Mm-hmm.
Well. you shot a cop.
so your shit is hot.
Be careful about
your next few moves.
You never know who
could be watching.
And make sure the rest of
your family's alibis are tight
in case we have to go to court.
Wait. Whitman's file.
I got rid of that shit.
I don't want anyone to
ever even know I had it.
I want this all behind me.
That's a good idea.
I mean. it was a
stolen police file.
And. um...
Your questions about Lorenzo?
Well. you were right.
I was jumping to conclusions.
We all good.
Good.
- Thank you. Salim.
- You're welcome.
Good morning. class!
- Good morning.
- Good morning!
Okay. I know you all are
familiar with Councilman Tate.
You mean future
Congressman Tate?
Ah. that's the spirit!
Thank you. BruShaundria.
Yes. yes. keep hope alive.
Okay. so here's here to help
us with our topic today.
Uh. is America the
land of rebirth.
redemption. and reinvention?
Well. second chances are
the foundation of America.
Mm.
European settlers came here
in search of political
and religious freedom.
Reinvention.
And. in the process.
took the land of the Indigenous.
Look. reinvention is a privilege
that was afforded
based on who you are
and. well. let's just face
it: the colour of your skin.
Must everything be
brought back to race?
Damn right.
You know. generations ago.
my family came here...
Please don't say it.
On the Mayflower.
He said it. He said it.
Let... let him finish.
Let him finish.
Thank you.
Leaving Europe. their family.
and their language behind for
a chance at a better life.
Why do you think America has
the highest immigration rate?
America the idea and
America the reality
are two completely
different beasts.
Facts.
I mean. the settlers taught
us that you have to take
someone else's chance
to get your own.
Inequality... that is the
foundation of America.
not redemption.
Hello?
Look at our prison system.
The incarcerated are told
they'll get a do-over
after they do their time.
yet we stigmatise them
and take away
their voting rights
so they can't get
jobs or housing.
What kind of second
chance is that?
Sounds personal.
- Ooh.
- Maybe it is.
Is that a problem. Jackie?
You see that?
That's the stigma that
she's talking about.
Black Americans are incarcerated
at five time the rate of whites.
We can't have conversations
about equity or redemption
without acknowledging race.
Yeah. I agree.
I mean. we all saw what happened
to my brother last semester.
If he were BIPOC.
he wouldn't be on
Wall Street right now.
He'd be locked up with
no chance at redemption.
You're talking about
decisions people make.
not chances they're given.
Look. if second chances
are so innately American.
don't we all deserve one
despite our decisions?
Hmm.
Okay. so the words
"we" and "all"
are used a lot in this country.
but who believes that only
applies to a privileged few?
Uh. Professor Bennet?
Can I have a word? Excuse me.
- Councilman Tate.
- Hey. Tariq.
I have some useful
information for you
based on our last conversation.
Really?
What kind of information
might that be. young brother?
Information that your
Fed friends might like.
I'm listening.
A'ight. the streets are saying
International Guap killed Zeke.
Supposedly. it's a get-back kill
for all the bodies
that dropped from GTG.
He's dead now.
The streets are
saying this. huh?
Yeah.
You know. wrapping up
the murder investigation
of New York's top
NBA-bound college student
is exactly what they
need for press right now.
seeing as Zeke is my
generation's Len Bias.
Mm. all right.
I appreciate that.
I. uh. will pass the
information along.
A'ight. let me get
up out of here.
I'm running late.
KeKe. our resident
tech investment guru.
has brought us a step
closer to jumping in bed
with emerging Italian
tech company Navona.
Yes. and with their
newest products.
they are projected to be
a giant in the industry
within the next two years.
And thanks to a little
relationship-building.
we are first in line to invest.
RSJ. as our newest
limited partner.
we wanted to give
you the opportunity
to see the company and
meet the primary players
before we consummate.
I'll be bringing Brayden along
to assist with whatever we need.
And we also thank you
for letting us use your
jet so last-minute.
That's what it's there for.
Brayden and Tariq
have pulled together
some Navona research for us.
Yes. I translated some of
their public statements
and their local
assessments of management.
And it all matches
KeKe's analysis.
I'm interested to see
what I can get out
of them face-to-face.
Tariq. you'll be
there to translate?
Tariq's a little junior
for a trip like this.
But not too junior
to get my business?
Unless there's some
other qualifications
as to why you would have
your African American intern
in meetings with me
but not the Italians.
Tariq may be an intern.
but we hope he has a
bright future here.
Then you won't mind if I
extend an invitation to Tariq.
considering he's the
only one in this room
who speaks Italian.
It's true.
No objections whatsoever.
Well. actually. me
and my girlfriend
have plans this weekend.
Oh. she'll understand. I'm sure.
I mean. what I was thinking was.
since we're going to explore
the potential of a tech company.
she's an engineering major
who specialises in robotics.
You don't have to sell me.
There's plenty of room on
the plane for your plus-one.
Oh. and Lucas. uh.
I got us covered
with the junior team.
Uh. the...
Navona principals are
expecting me. so...
I've found that in fact-finding
missions like these.
sometimes. the best
approach is to...
disrupt expectations.
make them sell me.
as opposed to letting them feel
that they have it
all wrapped up.
Trust me.
It'll push negotiations
into our favour.
You see?
This is why I knew this
would be such a great fit.
I'm learning so much already.
I'll see the rest of
you on the tarmac.
My assistant. Mickey. will
make sure you have the details.
Lucas. KeKe.
Have a good day.
Long time. no see. Tariq.
Yeah. I know.
Last time I saw you.
Detective Whitman
was still breathing.
Well. he ain't a
problem anymore.
Everything he was doing
was off the clock.
What he had died with him.
Yeah. but what about 12?
Sure they lookin' more
closely into you now.
Sure they didn't
follow you here?
I ain't stupid. nigga.
I'm just making sure you good.
I'm always good.
And I'm impatient.
What you got for me?
A'ight.
IG didn't lie to you. okay?
He was in the Dominican Republic
the day Zeke got
killed... It wasn't him.
Oh. fuck.
Wait. how the fuck
do you know that?
Are you sure?
Let's just say
the source doesn't get
more reliable than this.
IG didn't kill Zeke.
What's up. Ma?
I had to run out
on this poker game.
tryna get this money.
Why we meetin' in the truck?
Who told you IG killed Zeke?
What the fuck?
You bet your hearing
in the game. boy?
Answer me!
Pops.
Lorenzo told you IG killed Zeke?
Well. what kind
of proof he have?
He said whoever attacked Dru
was the same motherfucker
that killed Zeke.
And you just believed him?
Talkin' like it's some
random nigga on the street.
This is Pops we talkin' about.
I mean. we had a target on our
back for killing the Guaps.
so it makes sense
that one of them
would wanna kill Zeke.
Right?
- Of course.
- Right.
- RSJ.
- Hey.
I wanted to thank you.
You know. going as hard as you
did to get me on this trip.
you didn't really
have to do that.
Appreciate it.
I kinda get the sense
you aren't one of
Lucas' favorite interns.
Let's just say he's
still evaluating me
based on my past. you know?
Mm. well. if I was judged
by who I was when I was 19.
people wouldn't trust
me today. either.
Mm. Growth is a
real thing. huh?
Mm-hmm.
I wanted to flag something.
My girlfriend's
robotics professor.
he mentioned something
about Navona in class.
and I thought that maybe
the information he shared
might be helpful to you.
Let me check in with the pilot.
Maybe we can talk about
it when we take off. huh?
Mm-hmm.
- Sup. bae?
- What up?
How are you?
How you feelin'.
how you feelin'?
I'm good.
Um. I'm gonna knock out
so we're ready to
party upon touchdown.
I suggest you do the same.
Okay. wait. Brayden.
We're going to Milan to work.
It's not an excuse
to go find a party.
Yeah. no. I don't
need to find a party.
The party finds me.
This shit about to be a movie!
Hey. wait. Brayden.
Our PJ!
Look at you cheesin' and shit.
Lookin' all happy.
- I am.
- You should be.
Monet Tejada's self-defence
story is fucking bullshit.
She murdered a cop.
and we're not doing
shit about it.
Whitman was unhinged.
but he wasn't a criminal.
This is on us.
We should've fuckin'
listened to him.
Meh. a lot of white
hats go criminal
when their boats are
rocked by a white whale.
That sounds like some bullshit
your corrupt ass
would come up with.
Monet killed him because
he was onto something.
Whatever he had...
It's gone now.
Here's somethin'.
The last known plug at the
Castillo Brooklyn syndicate.
this Russian. was found dead.
Just a hunch.
but I think the Tejadas had
something to do with it.
So they could become
the Castillos' connect.
Eh. that's a leap.
We've spotted the
Castillos' vehicles
outside the Tejadas' penthouse.
Still a leap.
Okay. the question is.
who is supplying Tariq and
the Tejadas with drugs?
Davis must know.
Oh. sh... He hasn't
let anything slip.
Come on!
We are working off of your
consigliere theory. Saxe.
Just give me something on
Davis I can use. please.
Or how long before we
all end up like Whitman?
To fuckin' Whitman.
-Love you -Love you more.
Mm.
Think. um...
think Mom might know something.
What makes you say that?
I don't know how she found out.
but she know IG didn't do it.
He was in DR when
Zeke was killed.
Did she say she
thinks it was me?
Nah. There's no way she could.
I didn't say shit.
Your mother never
shows her hand. Cane.
You. of all people.
should know that.
You ever think about
just telling her?
I mean. this whole thing
was an accident. right?
Yeah. it was.
Okay. Okay.
I can't. She'll
never forgive me.
Okay.
But if she's figuring
this stuff out right now.
I think it's best if all
this shit comes from you.
You really think that's
gonna make a difference?
I do.
I don't.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. Fuck
that phone. man.
Just give me one second.
Hey. what's wrong?
Um. nothing. nothing.
Something's going
on. Talk to me.
You know those
rednecks that we shot?
One of them is a CI
who's being medevacked
to a hospital nearby.
so he's alive.
I'm gonna handle it.
The connect that you
were locked up with
is a fucking CI. and you
didn't know about it?
No. Fuck no.
And you expect me
to believe that?
Oh. come on.
I know exactly what
people say about my family
after what my pops did. but
I'm not a fucking snitch.
Yeah. a'ight.
Yo. you really think I would've
gone up there had I known this?
Or that I would ever do anything
to hurt you or your family?
Also. if I was a fucking snitch.
why would I tell you
the truth. anyway?
Fine.
What are we gon' do?
No.
My mess. my cleanup.
If he's a CI. he could
take us all down.
I'm in this.
So what's the plan?
I'll be with you in a second.
Sit anywhere.
Monet.
I heard about what happened
with that cop at your house.
You okay?
I'm not here for that.
What's going on?
I seen a lot of people die.
In our lives. you get so
used to losing people.
you stop loving as
hard so it hurts less.
Losing Zeke. it was like...
a part of me died too.
Why are you telling me this?
'Cause I been
thinking about you.
This is how you must've felt
when Frank went missing.
It's true.
I just wish I knew
what happened to him.
You know?
I mean. it would
give me some peace.
I know what happened.
That's not what you said before.
I know. but I think you
deserve to know the truth.
Lorenzo put a hit out on Frank
when he found out he snitched.
Are you trying to
clear your conscience?
I figured you'd
find out eventually.
Look. I already lost one child.
I didn't want this to
come back on the others.
Thought you should
know who's responsible.
Uh-uh. I know you.
You just gave me
a very valuable
piece of capital.
enough to change
your family forever.
Why?
My family's been changed
forever already. Evelyn.
I cannot stop you from
doing what you have to do.
What would happen if
your sons found out
that me or one of my
kids hurt Lorenzo?
Look. I know the consequences
of me telling you this.
But after Zeke...
I just couldn't sit
with this anymore.
I loved Frank.
But I love my boys even more.
I can't risk losing one of
them for the sake of revenge.
Your choice.
But do you think you
can live with it?
I think I'll have to.
You're more forgiving than me.
Regardless of the outcome.
I don't want anyone to know
we had this conversation.
Can I trust you?
As much as I can trust you.
What you've built
here is amazing.
There's no denying that.
But in order to expand.
you're gonna need a
significant investment.
and that's what we're offering.
You've seen what
we've been able to do
with other tech companies
in our portfolio.
In order to give anyone 10%.
we are going to need the.
eh. interest and commitment
to be proven in a language
we all can understand.
- Cash.
- Exactly.
What is that expression?
She basically just said.
"Put your money
where your mouth is."
Ah. We're willing.
But first. we're
gonna need to address
something you've been hiding.
We haven't been hiding anything.
Really?
Our sources say that despite
your efforts to keep it quiet.
you've been having some issues
with the U.S. patent
of your debut product.
You know.
the one that caught
Weston Holdings' attention
in the first place.
And. you know. per my
research and assessment.
without the patent.
the company isn't worth
the gas it took for
us to jet over here.
Now. with my connections
in the States.
the patent issues go away.
Pronto.
That's Italian. right? Pronto?
Legitimising Navona in the field
and boosting stock value.
See. an act like that sounds
like a little more than
an investment to me.
Sounds like a
partnership. right?
Agreed. More like
a 20% ownership.
With a significant
reduction in the cash offer.
You know.
before your patent problems
begin to get out there.
You have until the
end of business today
to accept our offer.
I can make these patent
issues go away by Monday.
We'll have to get
to the snitch...
Before he can identify any
of us to the Feds. I know.
Oh. fuck. Might be too late.
Shit. Come on. come on.
Code blue in room 319.
- Code blue. room 319.
- Excuse me.
Step aside.
I'm sorry. coming through.
Shit. them Navona motherfuckers.
they tried to lowball us.
When we brought up their
little patent issue.
you should've seen they face.
- Appreciate you on the assist.
- Of course.
Just make sure you break
me off a little something
when them millions
start rolling in. okay?
Come on. you know I'm
a big bear with my boo.
You know that.
I cannot believe
that we're in Italy.
- Right?
- It's just crazy we had to come
all the way out here
to get our first date.
- First date?
- Yes.
Well. I mean. you know.
with so much shit
going on back at home.
it's like we have no
time to even breathe.
Between holding down
school and the business.
I don't even remember
what breathing is like.
I mean. you handle this
shit pretty well. though.
I'm not gonna lie. I kind
of love this shit. too.
especially having
you by my side.
It's pretty fun.
Surely our date doesn't
end here. though.
You know what shoes
you're wearing
to the Teatro alla
Scala tonight?
Oh.
You from here?
Sounded all perfect
saying that shit.
But I was thinking
maybe the Ferragamos.
- Mm!
- You know. when in Italia.
Gotta figure out what designer
dress I'm gonna throw on.
Mm. not sure.
Got so many.
But I was thinking. baby.
you know. we've been to
the opera so many times.
You know. I think it's time
for us to maybe ditch it.
stay home. and cook some dinner.
Whoa.
- Whoa.
- What?
You can make up
anything you want.
and you pick some corny
shit like cooking with me?
Wait. wait. how is cooking
with my girlfriend corny?
How is that corny?
I think all that normal
shit is honestly the best.
You know. we go to the
market. grocery shop.
and come home. chef it up.
and then we argue
about what show
we're gonna binge next. no?
That doesn't sound
boring to you?
Hell no.
Listen.
Spending time and
not having to worry
about shit that's going
on in this crazy world
with the girl that I love?
Sounds amazing to me.
Is this future Tariq talking?
Nah.
It's just me right now.
Promising that we're not gonna
have to hold our breath forever.
We're gonna get the
fuck outta this shit
and live a real life. together.
How that sound?
Well.
Fancy running into you two.
You come here often?
What the hell are
y'all doing here?
Well. that's just rude.
Not the greeting
we expected at all.
I was surprised to hear
that two of my favourite
contract employees
were hopping on a
private plane to Milan.
But I'm sure you can imagine
how my attention was piqued
when I found out who
the jet belonged to.
Well. you have nothing
to worry about.
being that RSJ knows
nothing about our business.
And that's exactly why
I've come to see you.
I need you to handle something
for me while you're here.
I need you to retrieve
a listening device
planted by Mecca.
Who is no longer with
us to retrieve it.
BTW...
the police have not
made any arrests
regarding his murder.
You two haven't heard
anything. have you?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Now tell us about
this... This bug.
Can't you just intercept
it and get the audio file?
I can find a way to transmit it.
Not where it's located.
Where is it?
Francesco Lombardi's mansion.
Now. to most of Europe.
he's an oil giant.
but he's one of my
biggest arms competitors.
And my ex. who stole
clients from me
after I kicked his
ass to the curb.
- Sounds a little personal.
- Oh. it is.
So you know how important it
is that you succeed. right?
A'ight. Where do
we get this shit?
How do we get in?
He hosts these weekly salons
where the invites are exclusive
and the attendees are
all one-percenters.
It's... obnoxious.
My people can't get within
a mile of the place.
But you know who can?
RSJ.
Mm. I told you he wasn't stupid.
I'll leave the how up to you.
But you need to get it to me
without Francesco finding
out it ever existed.
Understood?
- Yes.
You'll have no problems getting
RSJ and his guests on the list.
Good luck.
Because if you fail. there
are. as always. consequences.
They did everything they
could. but he didn't make it.
Fuck. I needed him.
We stripped off his phone and
wallet when he was brought in.
You can collect
at the floor desk.
- Thank you.
- You got it.
Blanca Rodriguez. DEA.
I'm here to retrieve the
effects of Tucker Jackson.
Mr. Jackson's belongings
were already collected
by his family members.
I-I'm sorry. No.
that can't be right.
Fuck.
What the fuck?
Yeah. if the Feds got to this.
it would've been a wrap for us.
Fuck me.
I mean. how do...
I'm glad you convinced me
to come out tonight. Tariq.
This place is even more
impressive than the rumours.
- Beautiful. huh?
- Yeah. It really is.
All right.
That's Francesco Lombardi.
It's one of the few
places in Europe
where you're gonna find
Leonardo Del Vecchio
hanging out with
Victoria Beckham.
Good call.
I've been impressed
with you. Tariq.
I-I'd be lying if I said
I wasn't familiar
with your story.
Your father.
I never really knew my father.
Sounds like he had
at least two faces.
One public. one private.
Well. isn't everybody like that?
My father?
He ran numbers.
He was a petty criminal.
Everybody told me I was
gonna end up like him.
But I didn't let their
expectations box me in.
I chose my own route.
I hope you do the same.
What the fuck?
It could be fucking anywhere.
It's gotta be under something.
somewhere he wouldn't
normally look.
Obi said this is where
Lombardi takes his
private meetings.
What the fuck?
Oh. bingo.
Hurry up.
Oh. I'm the fucking man.
I. um...
Um. I. um...
Ah! Okay. fuck! Ah!
Hey. chill the fuck out!
Oh. no. no.
Fuck.
Guests aren't allowed up here.
Well. I won't tell if you won't.
This art is
incredible. isn't it?
I was up here snooping around
looking for Lombardi's
private art collection.
I hear it's amazing.
First time here?
What gave it away?
His. eh. private
collection is this way.
I'm glad to have you back. Di.
I am happy to be here.
Even happier to smell
Papi's cooking again.
Well. I know how much your
mother loves my sancocho.
And it's cold outside.
Perfect for it. Right. Mo?
You know what sancocho
reminds me of?
Remember when we'd go to
G-Mami's in Puerto Rico?
Play spades and the losers
would have to serve everybody?
No. I don't remember that.
'Cause I think me and my
partner never lost a game.
I know that's right.
- Wow.
See. that shoulder injury
done went to your brain.
- Oh!
- Oh! Yeah.
You need me to jog
your memory? What's up?
I do. and if you need me
to teach you something
about how to play spades. dog...
Di. Come help me
in the kitchen.
You can't beat me in
no spades. in nothing.
I beat you at everything. bro.
- Okay.
- It's real.
I hear you. Dr. Smartass.
Yeah.
You all right?
I'm fine.
I just don't have the
memories they have.
All of my childhood memories
of you are visiting Sing Sing.
Well. we're making up for
those memories right now.
Are we?
Because I feel like
this is the first time
we've talked about something
outside of the business
in a long time.
Which. by the way.
is drawing a little
too much attention
from my manager at work.
I'm sorry. mamita.
I dragged you back into this
just when you were getting
your taste of freedom.
That's on me.
I know what that's like.
- You do?
- Yeah.
You think I grew up
wanting to sell drugs?
Baseball.
- That was my game.
- Uh-uh.
And I was nasty too.
What happened?
Wasn't in the cards.
Let's pull the plug.
You're done.
I'm gonna work
something out with Cane
to go sell somewhere else.
You're gonna be the first
person in this family
to get a college degree.
and I don't want you
focusing on anything else.
Seriously?
Thank you. Papi!
Okay. this is all a
big misunderstanding.
I'm just here for the party!
Weston? Brayden Weston?
You can contact my family
if it's money you're after.
Money's no problem. I swear.
Yes. Mr. Weston. We've
done our research.
Standard practice for
anybody who enters my home.
Okay. perfect... then you know
that I have no reason
to steal from you.
Only a few months ago...
you were making headlines as
a drug dealer in New York.
and now I find you spying
in my library.
What should I make of that?
You have it all wrong.
Who do you work for?
No. no. no. no. Come
on. Come on. man.
No. no. no.
I didn't see where
they took him.
Why the fuck isn't
he answering. yo?
Because they took him!
Who the fuck could that be?
Hey. uh. is Brayden
in here with you?
Uh. no.
He's at the Lombardi
mansion still.
You got back over an hour ago.
He shouldn't still be there.
Well. that's where we left him.
You know. I'm sure he'll be back
during appropriate
coworker social hours.
Yeah. I'm sure he will.
I will see you three
in the lobby tomorrow?
Yeah.
Okay.
What the fuck are we gonna do?
Look. we're gonna have to use
the only leverage we
have against Lombardi.
Oh. hi. What's up. Auntie?
Hey. Gordo.
Damn. ain't you cold?
This is keeping me warm.
My favourite kind of jacket.
Hey. um...
I'm sorry about
missing Zeke's funeral.
I wanted to say it sooner.
but this is the first time
I got you alone. so...
I hope it's not too late.
I know shit got way worse for me
those first few months
after losing my father.
I didn't think it could
get any worse. but...
somehow. it does.
You here for Dru?
You be careful with my son.
Or else. right?
Damn right.
I got you.
When did it start
getting better?
The grief.
I don't know.
It gets diluted. but
it's-it's always there.
And the anger?
Does it ever go away?
For me?
Nah.
If I had the chance...
I'd slit the throat
of the motherfucker
who killed my father.
Me too.
For Zeke.
Yo.
Take a look at that.
I found a
constitutional violation
in the unredacted Theo
Rollins case file.
We could file a writ
of habeas corpus.
We might be able to
get Theo out of prison.
Seriously?
Prosecution misstepped.
This might be the closest
we've ever gotten.
I knew keeping you
around would pay off.
You know what?
Come on.
Let's go see Theo.
tell him in person.
All right. yeah.
So cool. so cool.
Hey. you know what?
I-I shouldn't go.
I gotta work on the brief.
You don't want to be
there when I tell him?
This is your moment.
And he's not going anywhere
till I file the paperwork.
Well. get on it. bruh.
Motherfucker.
Davis.
Where the fuck did you get this?
Motherfucker.
You have what you promised?
Yes.
Recordings of you
and your clients
talking about arms deals.
drug deals. all of the above.
Sure you want to
keep it confidential.
but if you want this back.
I'ma need my friend first.
You good. B?
You okay?
No.
What the fuck?
The fuck took y'all so long?
We called you so we
wouldn't get shot.
That's how you
express gratitude?
Americans. So simple.
Calm down.
We weren't gonna
let them hurt you.
We so appreciated your call.
Luring Francesco out here
so I could eliminate
him was genius.
so thank you.
And I'll take the
listening device.
You're more clever than
I gave you credit for.
That trial period I mentioned.
consider it complete.
Now that I'll be taking
over Francesco's business.
there'll be more
work for everyone.
I think your team has a bright
and long future with me.
You've reached Jenny Sullivan.
Leave a message.
Where are you going. Jenny?
'Riq.
We're making it
outta Italy alive.
Let's just take the
fucking victory.
I can't. all right?
Noma still owns us forever.
Yeah. I wouldn't be so sure.
May have a way out.
How?
She's our way out.
One of the scariest
things about Noma
was that she was this enigma.
Took this picture getting a tour
of Lombardi's private
art collection.
Noma said that Lombardi
was her ex. right?
If this is her kid. this
is her Achilles' heel.
We find the girl. we can use her
to leverage our freedom.
Yo. if you're right. then
that means the same man
that Noma just fucking executed
is the father of her daughter.
Yeah. what about it?
What the fuck do you
mean. what about it?
Effie. the bitch is a savage.
We need to be
careful. all right?
- Yeah.
- Car's here.
Y'all ready?
Yeah. Let's do it.
What's wrong. Mo?
I just think it's
fucking ridiculous
that the Feds were so quick
to investigate the
Whitman murder.
running through our house.
asking Diana questions.
but when it came to Zeke.
they chalked it up as gang
activity and moved on.
I need to tell you something.
I-I need you to look at me.
I made a horrible mistake.
What mistake?
That night...
I went to go see
Mecca at the hangar.
You weren't supposed
to be at that hangar.
I know. But you didn't show up.
I thought Mecca
might've taken you.
You didn't trust me.
You thought I was gonna
go away with this nigga?
No.
Maybe. Maybe.
I just... I wanted to
kill that motherfucker.
I wasn't gonna stand for what
that man did to my family.
to our life.
I thought I was shootin' him.
But it was Zeke.
It was fuckin' Zeke.
I never meant to
hurt your son. Mo.
It was a fucking accident.
Accident?
You know what wasn't
a fuckin' accident?
All the fuckin'
months it took you
to fuckin' tell me this shit.
You watched me lose
my fuckin' mind.
lose myself.
I couldn't eat. I
couldn't fuckin' sleep!
You watched me kill IG
knowin' it was you the
whole fuckin' time!
You brought Zeke here.
Y-you... you put him in
the middle of this life.
And you didn't prepare him.
And then you fucked Dante
and you let him
back into our lives!
Oh. you motherfucker! You
tryna put this shit on me?
I'm saying it's on you
as much as it is on me!
Mo. I made a terrible mistake.
We both have.
But if you love me. you
can... You can forgive me.
Love you?
I fuckin' hate you.
You killed all of that
when you shot my son.
I can't even
fuckin' look at you.
Mo.
What about what we built?
What about our family?
Our kids. Mo?
Out of respect for them.
I'm not gonna give you
the bullet you deserve.
But you need to get the
hell out of my house
and get the fuck outta New York.
Mo. please.
No. we'll tell them
we're separating.
But I want your shit
outta my house tonight.
Hold on...
No. I'm so fuckin'
done with your ass.
Get the fuck outta here.
Go!
Mo.
Get the fuck outta here!
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Oh. I-I-I'm here
for Jenny Sullivan.
Official business.
- ID.
- Ah.
Dang it.
I think I. uh.
left it in the car.
But she-she knows me.
- If you just let me...
- Can't do that.
Come on.
This is ridiculous.
I'm-I'm here on behalf
of the DA's office.
Saxe?
What are you doing here?
Just one second.
Did you follow me?
What the hell is
all this. Jenny?
- What are you hiding?
- Hiding?
Please tell me you did not
follow me all the way here
because you're jealous.
You've been ignoring
my calls and texts.
What the hell is going on? You
have guards standing watch?
- Who the fuck is in there?
- This is insane. even for you.
I've been open and
honest this entire time.
Oh.
Hey. I'm risking my legal career
to go along with your theory
that Tariq plotted to
have Lauren Baldwin killed
when I know he didn't do it!
So if you don't tell me
what the fuck is going on...
we're done.
Or I can have you removed.
whichever you prefer.
Wow.
What was this for you. hmm?
Did you feel anything?
'Cause I did.
Were you just using me
the way you used Lauren?
I'm not sorry for anything.
Because when I'm done.
several killers
will be in prison
and their fucking drugs
will be off the street.
Isn't that our goal?
Isn't that what you want?
If we're on the same team.
then what the fuck
was all this about?
Who's in there?
Why'd you keep
this shit from me?
Lauren.
Unbelievable.
You let me believe she was dead.
You... you betrayed me.
You manipulated me.
You manipulated her.
I'm done.
Wait. is what he's saying true?
You lied to me too?
Just go back inside.
and I'll explain
everything. okay?
No. No. I want the truth now.
He just said he doesn't
think Tariq tried to kill me.
and I told you all
along it was Effie.
And Brayden and Tariq
and the Tejadas.
You know. she can't
legally keep you here.
Oh. come...
I saw how he reacted
when you died.
Tariq didn't try to
kill you. He loved you.
Lauren...
Lauren!
Everything's all ready.
I'm just waiting on
Papi to get here.
unless y'all two
want to partner up.
Nah.
I don't play spades with anyone
with less than five
years' experience.
I'm sorry. D.
Ah! Yo.
Y'all gonna lose regardless.
Exactly.
And Papi said he would
teach me before we start.
- Bet.
- Where is he?
I don't know. He
must be running late.
When he gets here.
we need to talk to you
guys about something.
Okay.
The fuck? Wha?
Lauren. what the fuck?
What the fuck are you doing?
How are you here? What
the fuck is going on?
Look. I came here to
ask you the same thing.
Why did you do it. Tariq?
- Why did you want me dead?
- Want you dead?
What the fuck are
you talking about?
You know what. I don't know
who or what to believe anymore.
Did you tell Brayden
to give me to her?
- You told her to kill me?
- Who? Who?
Lauren. who the fuck
are you talking about?
Your girlfriend. Effie.
She took me from Brayden.
knocked me out. and dumped
me in a fucking river.
Oh. fuck.
Look. I had n...
I had no idea about
any of that. all right?
And how am I supposed
to believe you?
'Cause I care about you. Lauren.
All right. why do you think
I sent you with Brayden?
To get the fuck away from here.
to get away from this shit.
to save you.
Come on. you know I'd never
do anything to hurt you.
Look. they fucking lied to me.
Fuck this shit. I
need to go talk to...
No. you don't. okay?
They can't know I'm alive.
Well. you have to believe me.
Okay? If I would've
known you was...
Lauren. where the
fuck have you been?
I've been with the Feds.
And they're building
a case against you.
And you're their witness.
If what you're saying is
true. me and the Feds.
we're not the only people
you gotta worry about.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. I just went for a walk.
Time difference
got me fucked up.
There's something I've
been wanting to tell you.
but I feel like stuff has
kinda been getting in the way.
What's up?
I love you too.
Bleed. bitch.
Bleed for what you
did to my father.
- Boom!
- Oh. yes!
Ooh. that's what I
wanted to do. though.
- Okay.
- Huh? Huh?
I'm not worried
about you. come on.
- What you got. Ma?
- Mm!
- Ooh!
- That's what I like to see.
Take that.
- Go ahead.
- Let's go. let's go.
- Come on.
- Let's go. Di.
- Bring it home.
- I got you.
- Watch this.
- Oh. watch this.
Yes!
That's my partner.
- No. no. no.
- Uh-uh-uh.
We gotta celebrate
because it's...
- Whose partner is that?
- Okay. come on.
- Thank you!
I need to know that
you've been owned.
- That's it. Come on.
- Boom.
- Come on with me.
- Yes.
- Ooh!
- Uh-huh.